The lyrics seem to represent the younger
and older selves of the same person, so we
attempted to differentiate between the two.
Every time someone says something,
I want to say that's not it,
Even if I realize someday that it's a mistake,
right now please let me do as I please.
It might be a detour, but that's
what youth is all about in the end,
Always getting hurt by believing,
and falling into self-loathing.
"But that's okay,
you'll understand when you grow up,"
I want to say that to my younger self,
who was troubled back then.
Did my voice reach?
My true shout...
Not drowned out by the city's noise
but carried by the wind...
Did it reach you?
My unmuffled feelings,
like contrails across the pure blue sky,
are footprints going straight ahead.
Stubborn and all alone, it's as if
I've strayed away from everyone,
At which crossroad did I take the wrong path?
I keep looking back over and over.
Everybody has foolish experiences
I want to tell that to myself in the mirror
Will my voice reach?
There's something I want to tell you,
If you listen closely, I've been
shouting it out all along,
It will surely reach,
I've repeated it so many times,
Even if rain clouds suddenly cover the sky,
It must be clear in the falling rain...
"You lose something in exchange for freedom"
I want to run away from such preachy talk
Where is the voice coming from?
It always seems to reach me,
On sleepless nights, it only rustles
the trees in the forest of my heart...
Did my voice reach?
My true shout...
Not drowned out by the city's noise
but carried by the wind...
Did it reach you?
My unmuffled feelings,
like contrails across the pure blue sky,
are footprints going straight ahead.
That voice is
our footprints...